---
title: Launch Orbit
---

ORBIT is LAUNCH’s companion, giving your users a screen where they can view their installed integrations as well as pause and delete them.

As a prepackaged integration management solution ORBIT is deployed in a similar fashion to LAUNCH, being made accessible to your users via a pop up, model or iframe.

ORBIT’s styling and layout can also be customised from within the Cyclr Console. You can set your own custom HTML and CSS in **Settings > Appearance Settings**

Deploying ORBIT
---------------

Set up is similar to LAUNCH, however you only the username, password and account ID need to be provided.

Access token is a parter scope token (https://cyclr.com/docs/introduction/api-authentication)

Request to Cyclr API

{% raw %}
curl -X POST
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${ACCESS_TOKEN}"
-H "Content-Type: application/json"
-H "Accept: application/json"
-d '{
 "Username": "example@example.com",
 "Password": "password",
 "AccountId": "7047269e-9d36-4918-b28a-2f7b1100e998"
}' "https://api.cyclr.com/v1.0/users/orbit"
{% endraw %}

**Request parameters**

**Description**

**Example**

Username

The name of the Cyclr account (and Cyclr user) to install this integration in, or to create if such an account (and user) does not already exist.

example@example.com

Password

The password to assign to the new Cyclr user account, if created.

If you do not intend your end users to access the Cyclr application directly, this password can be an obscure value known only to your app.

password

AccountId

If your user already has an account within Cyclr, specify the Id of that account to have the new integration installed there rather than a new Cyclr account.

7047269e-9d36-4918-b28a-2f7b1100e998

### ORBIT Response

JSON response from API, using the OrbitUrl will signin the user to the account and goto orbit view.

Note: URL is only valid for 5 minutes.

{% raw %}
{
 ExpiresAtUtc = "2018-01-01T00:00:00+00:00",
 OrbitUrl = $"https://{{Partner.Domain}}/account/signinwithtoken?token=abc123&returnUrl=%2Forbit",
 Token = "abc123"
}
{% endraw %}

**Response fields**

**Description**

**Example**

AccountId

The ID of the newly created account or the existing account you provided in your request

42996545-aafe-4404-bb61-25b4527fcab1

ExpiresAtUtc

Token expiry timestamp

17/01/2018 12:11:22

OrbitUrl

The URL that your user should be sent to, typically opened in a popup browser window.

Once generated by Cyclr, this URL will be valid for 5-minutes only and for a single request only, so you user should be passed here immediately and one time only.

https://hostapp.cyclr.com/account/signinwithtoken?token=lld3UjpZKkuh0I7ObHR0EtxRsPo0No1GqNSyAi8pqXQ%3D&returnUrl=%2Flaunch

Token

Orbit URL token

lld3UjpZKkuh0I7ObHR0EtxRsPo0No1GqNSyAi8pqXQ=